Subject: Implementation of Save System, Capture Balancing, Level Scaling, and Gym Cutscenes

Please update the game code to implement the following features and structural changes:

1. Save-Code Input (First Page):

On the Start Screen, add a text input field and a button labeled "Paste Save Code".

Logic: When clicked, the game must parse the code string, update the playerParty (levels, XP, species), algecoins, and gymsDefeated variables, and jump directly to the Main Menu.

2. Dynamic Capture Mechanics:

Remove the "Hard Limit" of 30% HP for Algeballs.

New Logic: The capture success rate should follow a formula: Success_Chance = (1 - (Current_Foe_HP / Max_Foe_HP)) * Catch_Rate_Modifier.

Result: An Algeball can be used at any time, but it has a very low chance at high HP and a very high (nearly guaranteed) chance at low HP.

3. Wild Level Scaling:

Wild Algemon levels should not be identical to the player.

Formula: Wild_Level = Math.max(1, Math.floor(Player_Highest_Level * 0.8) + Math.floor(Math.random() * 3)).

Result: Early in the game, foes are very weak. As the player levels up, wild foes get stronger but usually stay slightly below the player's level to allow for easier grinding.

4. Topic Swap: Ground-Type "Algebraic Fractions":

Rename the Ground-Type focus from "Coordinate Geometry" to "Algebraic Fractions".

Update the species' lore:

Terron: Focuses on simple simplification of fractions.

Terragrid: Focuses on addition/subtraction of fractions with different denominators.

Terracoord: (Rename to Terrafract) Focuses on complex fractions and division.

5. Gym Entrance Cutscenes:

When a player selects "Challenge the Gym," display a full-screen overlay for 3 seconds before the battle starts.

Content: Show a stylized text description of the Tai Po landmark (e.g., "Arriving at the Lam Tsuen River... The Water Gym Leader awaits.") and a CSS-animated "transition" effect (like a screen wipe or fade-in).

6. Technical Requirement:

Ensure the generateSaveCode() function is updated to include all new variables so the "Paste Save Code" feature works correctly.